who is the singer to my left here elisângela in açaí close to debts of
right left the place is and then start talking a lot about economics
today the brand for the first time in the northeast
there is nothing there for anything it is a popular piece that draws crowds
but with hearts it’s healthy we won’t have a june party from the northeast all over the place
enjoy the gilson here our our president of the accordion embratur also
you speak several languages, one person was giving a tour of the tour presents ten
percent happen it's flying tourism this virus came there that put the smile
down there but all the sectors that we suffer the most will suffer but to talk about
this during our conversation I wanted to ask the gilson who allows
I know that there is a lot of radio problems in Brazil that have been playing for 18 hours
Bahia is now 19:02 and we see those who left but paid homage there
there on live for the set that plays there tidy up
and there and there
and thank you i am my news brazil use a little of paulo guedes to talk
economy here and yesterday's chamber approved a
wide margin of votes 353-to 125 the bill amending the code
of transit between measures has passed for 10 years is passing defends
in the federal senate the validity of the driver's license and the initial proposal
there I spoke to the 10 until the 65 years of age tips the bed we decided to cut
for 50 is still an advance and also the same thing that matters a lot
special to the professionals of the steering wheel the truckers our van van de
alternative transportation and it is very easy for you to commit a traffic violation a
radar thing all over Brazil and lose 20 points in the wallet and she
to be suspended then the camera is also passing, right, to 40 with the
measure is welcome and will help these professionals something else about radars
fixed and more what we have to have at least 1910 in the
Brazil I wanted more money than radar but the justice decided 1900 the
expects next week to bring tarcisio here to explain this matter and
we are finalizing a survey of the state on the internet or with the coordinates
geographical areas of these extensions that you pass on the radar that is not
predicted one those geographic things that radar eh eh pirate right then it is
pirate doesn’t have to exist, just get in touch with us and we’ll
run after him so we can use that radar from there so congratulations on
approval of the bill that deals with it gives changes to the national portfolio of
qualification next week within the others this here it allows you need there
I am not yesterday the call to pay for the first 52 km of br 309 port
old and she was fully mugged was
totally transformed in the 70s and then it was abandoned today is
it’s simply impassable, it’s here in the past, even with many bridges
were destroyed for the most varied possible reasons other the very
nature is made because all of it was lost then it is not the collection of a
commitment in case of appeal we will do the works that I do not know that
imagine if it had about 30 million it is not very close to the budget what I
wouldn't do but we don't have this resource until Brazil has to lose a little bit
more so we can invest better in the future so open 19
and the total company has been launched since then the first 52 kilometers
today we also had here squeeze are sore education by your carlos
alberto decotelli is just can type in google there to see your your life and
obviously a dark one is very difficult to see, right?
is four exceptional people among them a young man who is renato feder feder do
for the secretary of education of the traveling palace, the job is to cover the
little mouse your the dentist secretary qualified as he and option is over
being by carlos alberto hotel reality to have a curriculum more
extensive but also the virtues as there is also the other side there the boy
renato and two others that he has also presented as a candidate there for
be minister of education the registration of the four of a curriculum
exceptional so good luck sir carlos alberto decotelli that lowering is
precise economics for this he did a master's degree at the getúlio vargas foundation
doctor university of rosario argentina and possession of the card number in the language ok
i think everything can be that appears in the movies back quite happy with
this provisional measure because this is, for example, a bangu football game and
the vacuum who sends in the image right that magician like the television
who will understand by a kiss for anyone Flemish and Corinthians are the
Flemish is going to see type which television will sell to emerge too
because you were interested in botafogo lending money to you
there to there until the Flemish gadget and bangu in the next game was also pg and
more so in this measure for the hour gives the right right ours should everything
that people who have entered the field for five percent of that of the
revenue to distribute equally among all players is good
understand more incentive for the teams to play there and even better, I want you
invite to stay at the end of the year until the end of palm trees and I don’t know who I’m going to
hitting the team captain will raise the double champion cup in the moments that I
also brazil 1 the hair thing i loved is ours
leadership in the chamber is a jewel victor hugo she was forgetting the army
Brazilian and I would like to specify here my solidarity with him
two other brothers for your father's passing yesterday we went today
right at the wake, a very sad moment for anyone, a young Sunday is
result of your father's passing also our condolences and that
God pick the soul of your dear boss
most interesting doors here i'm going to drop paper off can i can help
come on now let's talk here I say the first class is the supreme court
federal government in the states and municipalities that I had to conduct measures to combat
virus our almost exclusively there was just play responsa there so
first time people stay at home so what day was it like this ok
warm resource can also stay at home didn’t suffer much in the first
time is we have the body part of the government for small and micro enterprises so that
parents used to get paid by the executive branch I know president if it works
big gun that happened in two moments from the moment that the wave from
from brazil only immediately stay behind brazilian
well then we started using it even among the jobs that it is possible to do
without special permission from the congress and that we use 217 circulating in the
economy outweigh the boiled and then the federal savings bank also 350e
hi people are having a hard time there paying you taxes for a certain time to
200 proposal and anticipating the most vulnerable resources then the elderly by
example retirees we anticipate thirteenth of pensioners and
retired that I 500 billion extra marriage these two three days then the
congress authorize us cluttering there we enter the field you say the
next we are going to put r $ 600 in the help of the session on which victor hugo da took
channel 200 word called approached you called me that we can't
pay six hundred and then 150 works or almost a competition between politicians already
arrived they reached 500 reais have an idea we give a letter from 601
the josé stadium erased three months and implied the basis of our literature
of the invisible help to who was a cleaning lady was the kid on the beach sells
soda was the boy who sells final ballagro detran all these people
I was lost, suffers from a taxi, suddenly stopped the tico there, we know, paying more
one of emergency aid for 60 million Brazilians in the next
Saturday until next Saturday 60 million Brazilians receive another portion
of the emergency aid that determined the little Brazilian town is left behind 150
millions at the same time united states also needed money for the
fingers 20 million direct fund-to-fund transfer more victims
there are 150 million reais were distributed to the united states if
you said the following money has here at the tip money has to the people
lives were more like Brazil, that policy of throwing money at an account
to reinforce I can with the public security health post was a problem of
education the money day that for base so we who already had this program
to transfer the crisis down immediately transferred another 150
million money also went in there to keep companies on a program
was the most successful we spent relatively for bi bike on
relation to these you actually circulated is going to be very successful in five
elite americans weeks 30 best products on the market as we saved 10
million exciting jobs we're just going to jobs jobs with a
program called has an emergency benefit if the company dismisses a limit
does not work environment to install our pay when treating that preserved 10
million jobs so all elite Americans 30 minutes we
we hold only one million and we preserve 10 million so go program the subject is go
to be stupid on the outside everybody praising and it's ready to be copied
advanced countries ended up launching programs after brazil we
expected that approximately 40 million people who would come to the rescue every week
true in 60 million to thank you mean you had family allowance that
already had lithic and then the invisible appeared and she 40 million visits
in these invisibles there are about 10 million that are really
to act used assisted using an example product bones are the
employers associate with the taxi, I arrived, we were in the fight is the
person reading a cruet cruet did not pass by personal example to
inside here at the sewing and the big guys thanked this proposal
governmental government left all this engineering bureaucracy to pay for the
your inscription from the federal fund and from the prisoner our actions ministers of the
regional is right there so there was digital inclusion reco never did so fast the
digitization of 40 best 50 million people then brazil restaurant
federal government delivered the Brazilians all and this in a way allowed that
there was this social assistance to help
and Brazilians don't drown in that first wave of health for the mall
of health that you are now announcing for this but it was of the non
is set together with in two more months right a big kiss is going to leave for
an adequacy will be for sure 340 basically it should be that way
you should be studying 500 400 300 or to do it then in 12 months is an idea
very good because it was 600 economy starts to recover people are
getting used to yours on average 200 when you move to
500kg inside plus 1:30 family allowance I'm going to move to 400 worth two
family allowance when it goes to 300 a family allowance and a half is right so this
here's the idea of ​​exactly met unassisted now economy expects that
back to work there are things that will take has some differences and was that
would do it broke for good closed the door because you did the duty of an answer
the pertinence of each one who starts to open the market applies to operate the
we regret their deaths but the goal of closing was so that people a
contaminated were hospitals attended, we have true news that
hospitals have leftover milk so it’s not that we want to stay alone if
my account to discuss this there everybody thinks that
you know it's right, right, it worked here about seventy percent of
people will be contaminated store even if the person is under 40 years old well
health the great Mauritanian will ask for birds who wants to know was committed is to come
here from my government, which is a good one, I have 70 helena, I have 75 more or less
he only found out he had a virus because he went to do the time and stayed at home
doing a treadmill now is according to the age of the other disease
those days that the glass is in it and this is very special you can die of
in everything else and have to be careful you know once a
dangerous virus and it will be transmitting even the most or
minus what a person starts to do if I don’t know if I’ve already got both feet behind
of the negative I don’t know I can protect it again to see if I have the block already
I think I already got the profile, you know, of the sanitary life and the channel can be people with the
my age that is not well physically shooting the committed video will have a problem
have to be careful only that we can’t have almost entrances
to chase came to the population and the environment understood an excess is
concern only one getting started could worry about the other thing was not the
second wave of the wave of the of the economy that what what happens apparently we
we started from rock bottom apparently in May it was together April has already shown a
reaction when you look at the electricity bill you look at the electronic invoices
public but already recovery in opening and in the triple-des and juniors already go up middle of the
burial then June 15th another thing already app is one thing is starting to
come back and and ours there when your writing emergency aid hits the
mark of a triangle I have he does not see the ones that kept the most vulgar
what is it to just not be dejected I will become a depression
so if he has signs of afternoon still preserved at any time
moment when it seems to move, you hit the bottom of the face and you start to
cross now the interesting thing is that here we have working for that which
I say that we will suffer my other we approve another sanitation 100 million
of Brazilians who have problems in the middle of that lack of water for 35
million people and sewage 100 million Brazilians we approve other
project sanitation was stopped there was wrong in ours doesn't have much help
congress so what’s going on we’ve been producing during this period
agitated only by the Americans or facing only the disease we also have an agenda
positive and now we go the males and four and then see the problem of
job also see novel avenida brasil is full of news for
bring has the gps the fgts we will release when
triggered second and we will also release the fgts is just a clinics are
biological thirties only 60 60 million people also talk
talk Monday so what we could do present the point of view
of resources in two times more and then
is that your idea of ​​not leaving any Brazilian for costume cannot be missing
money for health and the thrift store show we spend twice as much as the
emerging countries and 10 percent above the average of the forwards so brazil
no one can say that brazil didn’t look to know anything about help
states and municipalities two opportunities the more or less and that
way was that 150 million bailout when the conversation started considered the
first visit they made is we had already released releasing 50
and what we did 8002 fund-to-fund transfer is the following money in
vein for health the national health fund has spent 8 brilliant for states and
municipalities soon after two billion for the single social assistance system
are things like the holy house of mercy these hospitals in are
kept in the advertisements without time for you only spent two million more after
we spent over 16 million the municipalities states and madam our collection
time will fall for the kalita federal government but even so we kept the same
transfer for example from last year with commitment that I took on governors
by three independent so independent of the governor's party all every
operators all and soon after another 20 million
securitization was a resource that they could release and then interest rollover
say in the end the thing 60 million more books than us because it also has
problem if urban transportation you need to keep transportation running
urban someone can use ok everyone in their daughter social and distance
suddenly someone needs to get a lot this big I go to the hospital
anything you need to have transportation now in the same school way
have the option of something that belonged to the school that suddenly the schools
children go home and pre-chocolate so you need it too
keeps working sends 60 more times when its distinctive mode goes 150
billion for united states and there has never been so much money for united states and for
what I didn’t even preserve it continues to work despite sales
fell while just following it had a sugar saf at the same time the part of
transporting to tarcísio lake is guaranteed super easy
for the country man did not stop did not stop stopped cooked American and hit
compared to last year's harvest and Brazil is the only country increasing its
exports what as our man kept working on exports
mainly agricultural products in vera also flow is also
agriculture and also minerals so Brazilian exports continue
rising is a shock that came from outside Brazil ended up not coming because the quotes
keep turning so i think brazil is in a position to surprise me
going out and seeing what we said, that cart hits the bottom and starts to
true also so we have us we are really in a condition and they would come back
economic recovery before even other countries even
it’s early tomorrow morning for ceara that we’re going to move from I’ve had it’s going
inaugurate together with the marine rogério that our minister of development
water arriving in Ceará will not be able to cross the São Francisco River
people talk about the work started behind printer behind but hatred via decision
government not to leave no standing water which is very common at present I assume he
forget everything that has been done and do your works we know it's our commitment no
leave work stopped then tomorrow we will be together with the rogério
our marine at the beginning of the regional canal of rio grande do norte inaugurating
this section invites me again the governors of ceara and pernambuco to
to show up with the face not or at least airport we can hit a
chatting with the woman are opposition governors but our government doesn’t have the
position she and let's go clean water clean water clean in
all the senses how clean water is coming and the northeastern people deserve it
all the contraction all the respect my father-in-law is even from ceara and
crateús then in ceará tomorrow paulo something else here is the Selic rate lowered me
I already drew you imagined back there regulatory tensions project that Brazil had
very high heaven and hell and it’s also what we’ve changed instead of staying with the
government spending a lot and the chosen private sector we did show we
we did the poison has skill is doing what it takes takes water
clean or do the things that are important but not spending on the
access to the pension reform present we ended up building east right
likewise the employee salary were marketing audio insured a
a little bit just a little while and Brazil starts to have resources to
invest so this is happening this is happening just because
hole here on facebook we need to have 79 thousand people online at
youtube 35000 o pingo doce your 88 thousand congratulations to
our front young pan news 16,000 people from pingo doce that that I
zé maria people help king sobral who uses augusto use 12 other you
need the name of gabriel right these four there thank you for you have
to have a link here to see if you are going to ask him here for me not the
paulo guedes with this down below in the case compared to last year as
of interest we must pay less occurring more or less for example we are
lowering the initial calculations 120 to 240 million some as it is going down
be more than that are a fair resource seeing that what happened to the
brazil brazil spends a lot and spends badly already had the privilege of
social security spent paying interest for wholesale cat
the first 500 million a day is already the cool force you’re really paying
exactly because the government is now spending the same it is spending better for
example is only taking clean water there until taking water there and compensation
all paying less expenses together is the same way is also the accesses that
had the presidency of some privilege but we will sacrifice future generations
to maintain privileges so we also reduced skrillex i'm not doing the
austere government he spends less one with the better quality that is
happening on all arrows and then completed a year and a half without showing
all sides all peace companies best groan from the presidential courier
gives the economy box much better to petrobras and he took it all
working better now we have to turn this into a resource
to get to the station, get to the tip, I'm not, said Pedro, how's it going?
fruit that is the overdraft of the box and two percent 2009 two three per
percent was percent is that I swear from the overdraft this 14 per
percent hold on to month 4 and now three percent a month there is a
huge logical difference that you will want that no one stays there
and the last reminder because it changed in relation to 2018 I will take this work
another its higher or decreased move to 2 half percent to half crazy percent
go mousse of life new advertisement for your house here you have
another bank there I swear up it goes to the cash register right I don't have internet
it is not true only who paid was the way not
I would never stay at the hotel 30 thousand going to sleep I was going to grandma inside the plane 30
pop I will not pay her alert needle knows this but there is no chat I take the
next to you your trip that I talk to outside all the food here
form against form look i just cursed you is that he is traveling she is traveling is
the president and at the end of november 2014 has a video of mine was at the gym
military of the black needles to work the aspirants to a region called there the
lambari bridge people were going to graduate for next 2014 remember this
I was there, a deputy receives him, okay, right, a very big vote, almost that one
business and I went to that stop there the subscribers are ok and I said I was going to risk
my life more running for the presidency and 2018 but hey there’s only one ticket
fantastic even for everyone I was in Cuiabá in Mato Grosso and I arrived for
around one in the morning resource is very tired you don't sleep do one more
dude she went to sleep and I stayed there under my legs hurting but 500
photographs does not appear in 2017 and leaves a guy down here
is the x-everything she he was a receptionist were was a cook is the waiter was
all right I want poor humble music to earn maybe 12 minimum wages a month
and I thought, pull a glass with him to see him with his whole life telling the
mine and at the time I said he was a candidate will present everything he gave
laughter because his hotel what is humble I cannot speak to the
money you’ll talk about, right? But it’s humble, the stove is sure that the
people usually talk about the joke and the daily rates that are $ 120 can pay the pocket
of us, right, his life laughed, I'm here only
the deputy who was generally made public by the presidency that one
wonderful right and then I told him that you think it’s more difficult for me to get to
presidency and you in a hurry I'm here much more difficult lyrics is to get to
presidency I arrived I hope it is working to buy hotel this I
respectfully covers accuracy that each bury if they present the question of the
some strive question is good luck
then it is once you can achieve your goal is
is what was it to open my mouth? I'm going to put it here for us, look there, minister
paulo guedes it is possible to calculate the drop in this year's gdp calculate it is already possible
pleasure to talk to you because you who announced you announced that the president
bolsonaro i had invited me to minister i remember that right i'm here for you
should the visit there for people to talk that I’m so I don’t even know how to give
interview but I do not believe the the economy a living organism the same
way that it is very difficult to predict the effect on the particular organism
some to all parameters the models stop
to work when you have a shock with illness I don't believe in the predictions
that are made because if we are living organisms but it is us for
example if the disease gets quickly we start to work you want we can
get all the example today today I found out for example but
accompanying the daily electricity bills that is happening samsung's
energy today we only have four percent below the same 20 days of June
from last year so today we playing your four you pick up for energy
eletrobras other than us only four are you everyone talking to you will
drop this today we have to drop four compared to the same month last year
so when a shock like that all the models used the forecast fails
because I'm going to change what we call a regime change or a change
dramatic but there are people who never happened nobody knows the answer
and nobody knows the ones there so people started kicking -1 -2 -4 minus ten to
prediction of that for example is less us i think they will go wrong i think
knowledge, because this, this, this forecast is that they do there even the
girl that this prediction do not want to like the female staff very cool but the girl
of the color is that it is strange of the strength come here to talk to me I didn't know anything
from brazil i kill this half hour an hour left here bottle - 9 i think she
it will pass the squeeze there at the end of the year pass the forecast that it closes but
let's see also I won't say it's wrong it's not right she says it's not
it is possible to make a forecast like this at the moment like this and it depends on many people
why the gift goes soon let's go let's go to work at some point
we have to go back because we are organisms then just stay at home three
years is depression is guaranteed depression carried out at home to stop for others
the father to consult here is a note we will leave the correct tomorrow, well you can
be sick can also sign so she wanted it difficult the gift was when he
said play has two hours the first of the waters hit the after economy line
called attention to that to take care stay everyone stop there will have the
money that we inject has another connection there circulating but shelf
vasinhos get everybody connected even though the people in the field just
how to have expensive natural social distance in the field is in the remaining foot field
of bone they maintained production and they are saving Brazil you do the
right, there are some states that were banned and on the beach now the ms says that the sun does
well polishing there to transform vitamin d how much thing
wrong was done during when it was something just curiosity right how much is side
from the outside whether ill will or misinformation everything for us is
potentialized in a negative way I received the two weeks credentials of
three new ambassadors in brazil an ambassador from france and she is like that
environmental issue her curriculum was with Minister Ernesto Araujo
in addition to the insurance relationship and he volunteered for her to travel to
amazon region when it says that it is on fire amazon force plane
aerial a goddess of the presidency of the republic how about the amazons where she
want to go to show two currents taking people from the press, right to
show the reality of what happens in brazil by nobody nobody preserves
so much environment with us over sixty percent of the territory victory
is it is a form of another out there that he
find a span of riparian forest ok I by the rivers now we pay a
very high price with respect to izé the other pass had an average focus
I don't know what is lower than in recent years and even so it was boosted
as if I had set fire to the stable in the Amazon region, it’s like pain
even one more question for roseli zé maria 04 speaks samaria
the president is good that good
and they are working hours and consequent wage reduction and also defined that the
powers will keep the budget independent of google fundraising as
is that this will be reflected in the public coffers I have been talking to our
respect this video is the public opinion in general thinks that at the time of
sacrifice is always done it has to be shared so public opinion is
thinks it is natural in the same way as the private sector to drop the wages of
just as there are people who lose their jobs since the top also gave a
contribution i talking this to president we're talking about
exactly that the prudent president is held the salary you put that year
that comes your gift did not want to achieve my acquired right reduce
nobody's salary but got it right that there was a share
hi people asking for a salary increase jesus governor asking for resources and wanting
using this feature maybe some form of the 90's election year, so what do we
we did that the government did in the president called the governors were present
of the screen is the president is sedated and we made an agreement whereby the resources
will be rendered 15 will have to go to health can not turn a doctor talk
precisely to show the public opinion and also the employees that I
break badly at that time or employee who complained about it is the same because the
public opinion is asking more the question in fact it is saying
next why doesn't it run is that the supreme is not wrong to keep the
hourly wages everyone is losing so that's why I found
moderate attitude of the president there are people asking that it was 20 people from her
disagree people ask for strong 25 right to show that they were participating in the
sacrifice with hi people wanting that in a rabbit there he
cruiser million a lot of things that I said was there from the medals
after the war the war is starting now we are going to give sale medal to
everyone so president a very thoughtful line said everything is not even have these
increases but there is also no drop we will keep this salary there for two
years only zé maria that i understood i think better that you use a
I’m going to surprise you, now you’ve said that there can neither be reduced nor
that's what public opinion is, I think it's unfavorable to
this variation is on the other hand, they think because the institutional mind
are being a right side that comes to say this i will answer more
question is then what happens the other day you don’t get money into the
water tank how do you want to get more water out of it if we get your kiss
it's six months and an hour and a half more prepared in a little while you don't even pay
salary I will do you can decree whatever you want will only have another question that uses
tax and for a long time how is it going to be
resumption of that agenda that changes in the gnv fox are being made and in the next
months to return to this essential agenda of the country right now I'm going to
need an hour a special problem also before so we started to
bad is the and foresight privileges to
pension plan I swear to fat cats that people who sell young income still and
at the same time is the salary of friend works that was very high went up
fifty percent above inflation 17 years means it became a caste in
compared to the rest of Brazil and when the coronavirus comes to a draw in the economy
this meteorite sharpens that difference everybody now see the
next to job stability beyond the privileges of social security not
he also suffers that he was on a salary and did not participate in the general sacrifice then
this is public opinion this is it we did what threads we have this agenda
of reforms we had to deviate from structural reforms we had to
deviate to emergency measures now so they end up announcing the measures
emergency chairman will now expand the body there we had three months to
600 now let's go another three months down right 500/400
hi and then we go back to our reform program we already did the sanitation let's go
now do the sharing of the starting for the oil concession we will make the gas
natural we are going to do the electro sector we are going to unlock the country's investments
because the federal pact's priority time has changed a little bit like you
said it was a naive to give money to lend municipality that
year you call already much more than he will already receive to have an idea
we made a transfer there in a few months we have 50 percent that
the family allowance has paid since 2004 us in a few months owes fifty percent of the
that gave him long years because it was this calamity that hit us I didn’t
I'm bad means of emergency aid 50 is worth more than the verb to have the
launch of the whole year without the right, the whole year family allowance is 50
million when it happens we are at 150 million a month only
well then the priority as you asked which priority has now changed
slightly priority now is employment and income recovery of the economy so
employment and income so we now have a yellow green problem to create there
the universe work some invisible I found a 30 million Brazilians have
current invisible Brazilian women who never asked for anything from the state they
want the right to make a living on their own so today we're going to
create a ramp of social ascension these people have to go through can be employed
entering with the babi without any of that, which is not, is not a legislation that values
to end mass unemployment so let's submit only a brief congress
tooth is the priority now job creation we just need to open
new investment horizons so seeing investment and natural gas shock
cheap energy will arrive in the gas cylinder in a little while it will be cheap let's go
do after tax reform we will reduce the different we will also
and the basic public basket accessible to the population to buy stoves
refrigerator without removing the risks of using the price to use so we go there we go
resume our reform agenda look for tax reform landmark
regulation of investments job creation with exemption from payroll
payment we will leave for five Brazil will be surprised the world the year
spent on surprisingly doing pension reform when no one
I thought it was possible this year for us during the academy both the congress is
working ok everybody there working approved the sanitation yesterday to prove the
driver's license I mean they'll surprise you so let's surprise you
Brazil is going to see a brave people. We will stick to two o'clock. We will leave the
side there paulo this allows here the last question to her the victor grade of the young woman
pan pingo nos is the minister good night to businessmen there
who have complained about the difficulty of accessing the credit lines that were
announced by the federal government businessmen are having difficulties in
get that money to keep the doors open in relation to that what the
situation minister there was in fact some problem to release that money and
what is the forecast when this will be solved the truth there was the problem
Thus, our credit problems had an unsatisfactory performance.
best team are the closest guys but their little gas is the group alive
it is precisely this group is the pezula of the cashier is the corner of the central bank is ruben
normal in the bank of brazil is omotesando the baby is great now sometimes it is like that
what maximum then I see that it touches the ball the ball ends it makes the curve another ti in that
scoring a goal the ball goes in the opposite direction we had a satisfactory performance in
beginning if viruses improving so much that I counted the others first
the social forum of the law what they like concerts at a cost don't let go
the payroll started to work but there is black, it was not satisfactory there
we created the other spectacular program the first time that the federal revenue miga
public entrepreneurs we took 3200000 small entrepreneurs who pay tax
good payers of simple crochet and was complaining that the money didn't arrive
it's getting to the top receiving a call from the federal revenue federal revenue league
for the guy to talk about becoming a taxpayer you can stop by and pick up
thirty percent of your monthly billing that we spend at the cashier picks up the
money paid in the bank of brazil that takes this improving the reach 200 already
they got in there because it’s then we’re improving the
full time but I agree saw the social performance was unsatisfactory and
Real Madrid came on the pitch I'm Barcelona on the pitch, our lose to the
Brazil from 2 to 0 trying to turn the tide is that we didn't say botafogo then we turned
we became the minister of education is botafoguense huh I gave it to her already
making the team here no influence on things now he was a professor at ibmec
20 30 years ago later he was our hsn teacher ten years ago from a beautiful
choose yours and I didn’t say anything
his whatsapp for me the social david hitting them are going to have today
soo what did that guys do how many km to choose the vinícius if
you want to know about your neighbor’s life, say that you said you were going to cut
to be my joão da silva de oliveira your neighbor and plant some pictures there
it only needs to be quick once in a lifetime so that this one that she in front of you is the
that he did wanna done well 15 years old has clusive the season magazine with
this three-year-old I'm a subject in eldorado paulista ok look and the boy
that came out in the time magazine my respect 3 years ago that I went out naked on the street
quantity according to the naked magazine on the street referring to a neighboring one
of fat I confess that I do not remember if it is true I do not know but from
from then i hope to change now i will come like
so much your lack there in health but you see that the interest is very well the part of management
ok and always something never seen in the history of Brazil in the second term
we know the doctor very well but he has a fantastic team inside
Ministry of Health Mistakes that were put a doctor there and now the doctor
hardly the manager either, but everything starts to get to know the doctor, I’m already
talk to the case he to see how it looks like drive facebook 70
thousand youtube43 1595 saw you see the young people pan news is obvious dear victor
grade zé maria fiuza in the course thank you so much for sharing national or
vitor white just to say did not stop not roberto campos announced another problem
yesterday credit again better it and we are studying until the cake already from
according to the tiny guy who went there got a
loan worked well managed to recover up front paid the
his loan paid the taxes
can even give the cake already press forgive object she is studying this
also and possibly win this there we will give speech because he and I went
misunderstood in that leaked meeting they are saying what I
I said when the company is a big airline type we will win
money we go money to save but he has to pay us
the company is small no I will not make money I did not say I was not going to me
give the money i said we will give i will lose the little one you
you know you’re going to lose because it’s clean so much to survive you don’t have to
be try to help and each know that you help 50/60 will survive 20 30 40
may not be able to do it and you lose money and the function is the same as the
wind will have to take that risk of losing money with little one now the
big is a shame to save a whale i swear an elephant i will catch at least the
tail tail goes home he has to pay a piece of the public money was
spent there so it was very misunderstood when I said look at the
big that we earn small money no but come on the money
because he wants it too and not a little one, he wanted to make money if he paid the
we will even give this cake in print, he paid the tax on the
next year you're just going to job she pays old tax is going to pay the rest of
life is a good payer you download to change the leg nor for
I was studying we can make mistakes so buried people try to turn on
people there call there time passes with me shine I haven't tested some more time
programming some face your I had so thank you so much for the for the for the
for the presence by the complete to buy our live and until next Thursday if
God wants a hug to everyone